Since there is news from your parents
That's a good thing.
Grandpa believes in you
I will definitely get your parents back
It must not be too far
Grandpa has been waiting for this day
Hahahahaha
Are you really going to start tomorrow?
So leave the Light of Hope project to me
You have more important things to attend to
Lei Yuan thank you
It's okay, this is what I should do.
Mom and Dad, I will definitely find you
Is Xiaoyi tired today?
Sister, I'll put you a bath water.
Sister, are you going to give me a bath?
Good idea.
Really, you really want to give me a bath?
That won't work. If you think I'm old-fashioned in the future
You have to kill me